Oh brother, think of a way
No.
Then I'll find a way to keep that woman from leaving tomorrow
Knock her out when she walks out the door tomorrow
Good morning Xiaodong
Good morning, as expected of the future tech boss
Such a strong pressure at a young age
I felt like I was going to die just now, okay?
The food is in the kitchen
You heat it up before eating
I took Yaoyao to the city
Come on.
Are you going to the city too?
Hey, Xiaodong is right
Let you die alone
It's been hard.
Why don't you want to?
Yes, I'd love to.
As expected of a little boss
Boy is so thoughtful, let's go
Brother, did you find your father with that woman?
Otherwise, did you really knock that woman unconscious?
Did you get it back by the river?
What's wrong with not being direct?
Here you go. No